samples: bluetooth: add Device Name sample (#745)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf-bm: samples/bluetooth/ble_device_name/README.rst

.. _ble_device_name_sample:

Bluetooth: Persistent Device Name
#################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The Device Name sample demonstrates how to read and write the BLE GAP Device Name characteristic using |BMlong|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Device Name sample demonstrates how to read and write the Bluetooth LE GAP Device Name characteristic using |BMlong|.
```

Author: fixed

> A connected peer can change the device name over BLE. The new name takes effect immediately, persists across disconnects, and survives power cycles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A connected peer can change the device name over Bluetooth LE.
The new name takes effect immediately, persists across disconnects, and survives power cycles.
```

Author: fixed

.. _ble_device_name_sample:

> Bluetooth: Persistent Device Name

Reviewer 2: Persistent is not use elsewhere for the name. 
```suggestion
Bluetooth: Device name
```

Author: fixed

#################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The Device Name sample demonstrates how to read and write the Bluetooth LE GAP Device Name characteristic using |BMlong|.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The device name sample demonstrates how to read and write the Bluetooth LE GAP Device Name characteristic using |BMlong|.
```

Author: fixed

A connected peer can change the device name over Bluetooth LE.

> The new name takes effect immediately, persists across disconnects, and survives power cycles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Device Name sample demonstrates how the connected peer can change the Bluetooth LE GAP Device name characteristic using |BMlong| and how to store the name in non-volatile memory.
```

Author: fixed

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. tabs::

   .. group-tab:: Simple board variants

      The following board variants do **not** have DFU capabilities:

      .. list-table::
         :header-rows: 1

>          * - Hardware platform

Reviewer 2: Use templates.

Author: fixed

           - PCA10188
           - S115
           - bm_nrf54lv10dk/nrf54lv10a/cpuapp/s115_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_
           - PCA10156
           - S145
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l15/cpuapp/s145_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L10)
           - PCA10156
           - S145
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l10/cpuapp/s145_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54L15 DK`_ (emulating nRF54L05)
           - PCA10156
           - S145
           - bm_nrf54l15dk/nrf54l05/cpuapp/s145_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54LM20 DK`_
           - PCA10184
           - S145
           - bm_nrf54lm20dk/nrf54lm20a/cpuapp/s145_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - nRF54LS05 DK
           - PCA10214
           - S145
           - bm_nrf54ls05dk/nrf54ls05b/cpuapp/s145_softdevice/mcuboot
         * - `nRF54LV10 DK`_
           - PCA10188
           - S145
           - bm_nrf54lv10dk/nrf54lv10a/cpuapp/s145_softdevice/mcuboot

Overview
********

The sample advertises with a configurable device name and allows any connected peer to write a new name to the GAP Device Name characteristic (UUID 0x2A00).
When a new name is written:

> * The SoftDevice GAP name is updated immediately.

Reviewer 2: (next line can also be removed)
```suggestion
* The Bluetooth LE GAP name is updated in both the SoftDevice and in the advertising data.
```

Author: fixed

* The advertising data is refreshed so scanners see the new name after disconnect.

> * The name is saved to flash (BM ZMS) so it persists across reboots.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The device name is saved to non-volatile memory to persist across reboots and power loss.
```

Author: fixed

> On boot, the sample loads the previously saved name from storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During initialization, the sample reads the device name to use from non-volatile memory.
```

Author: fixed

> If none exists, it falls back to the default configured via :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BLE_DEVICE_NAME`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If none exists, it uses the devise name set by the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BLE_DEVICE_NAME` Kconfig option.
```

Author: fixed

User interface
**************

LED 0:
   Lit when the device is initialized.

LED 1:
   Lit when a device is connected.

Building and running
********************

This sample can be found under :file:`samples/bluetooth/ble_device_name/` in the |BMshort| folder structure.

For details on how to create, configure, and program a sample, see :ref:`getting_started_with_the_samples`.

Testing
=======

1. Compile and program the application.
#. Connect the device to the computer.
#. Connect to the kit with a terminal emulator (for example, the `Serial Terminal app`_).
#. Reset the kit.
#. Observe that ``Advertising as nRF_BM_GAP_DN`` is printed in the terminal.

>    You can configure this default name using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BLE_DEVICE_NAME` Kconfig option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   You can configure the default name using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SAMPLE_BLE_DEVICE_NAME` Kconfig option.
```

Author: fixed
